feat: added environment CRUD resource (#80)
aptible/terraform-provider-aptible: docs/resources/environment.md

# Aptible Environment Resource

This resource is used to create and manage [Environments](https://deploy-docs.aptible.com/docs/environments) running on Aptible Deploy.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aptible_environment" "example_environment" {
  handle = "example"
  stack_id = 1
  org_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-42661417400"  # insert your org uuid here!
}
```

## Argument Reference

> - `stack_id` (Required) - The id of the [stack](https://www.aptible.com/documentation/deploy/reference/stacks.html) you would like the environment to be provisioned on.  

Reviewer: www.aptible.com/documentation is the old docs site. deploy-docs.aptible.com is the current one.

```suggestion
- `stack_id` (Required) - The id of the [stack](https://deploy-docs.aptible.com/docs/stacks) you would like the environment to be provisioned on.  
```

Author: verified link, lgtm

> - `org_id` (Required) - The id of the [organization]() you would like the environment to be provisioned on

Reviewer: Missing link URL
```suggestion
- `org_id` (Required) - The id of the [organization](https://deploy-docs.aptible.com/docs/organizations) you would like the environment to be provisioned on
```
